Add testing guide (#46)
pyansys/dev-guide: doc/source/documentation_style/index.rst

* User guide for the library.
* Link to this developer's guide.

> Finally the documentation should be public and hosted via gh-pages, either as a branch named ``gh-pages`` within the library repository, or within a ``gh-pages`` branch within ``<library-repository>-docs``.  See :ref:`doc_deployment` for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally the documentation should be public and hosted via gh-pages, either as a branch named ``gh-pages`` within the library repository or within a ``gh-pages`` branch within ``<library-repository>-docs``.  Fore more information,
see :ref:`doc_deployment`.
```

* Developer's guide for the library.
* Link to this developer's guide.

> Finally the documentation should be public and hosted via gh-pages, either as a branch named ``gh-pages`` within the library repository or within a ``gh-pages`` branch within ``<library-repository>-docs``.  For more information, see :ref:`documentation_deployment`.

Reviewer 2: Add comma after `Finally`.
